https://codepen.io/aurelions/pen/dypMyVW?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML?   Tags that add meaning.

    2. What is HTML used for?   To format a page.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?  An attribute gives extra info for the tag, goes inside of a tag. a href""

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? H1 indicates a heading... Used only once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes:  Anchor and IMG

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?     meta data

    7. What is an id?       Gives a tag a unique identifier

    8. What elements can I add an id to?  Any element   

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?          Once

    10. What is a class?        A class specifies one or more classnames.

    11. What elements can I add a class to?     Any Element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?      Any number of times.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?      Target= "_Blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?          Alt Attributes help people with disabilites

    15. How do I reference an id?       using the # arg

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div:        Section is semantic whereas Div isn't      

    17. What is CSS used for?       Styling the webpage.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page     h2 { }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one     

    A class can be used multiple times. ID's can only be used once. div class=""  a specific img id=""

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?        by using the "." function

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?       p .human { }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?  A parent surrounds the child.  UL and LI

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?     div .sidebar a{ }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?   A psudo class defines a special state of an element   :hover  

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?       line-height: ;           

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?       letter-spacing: ;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?  text-transform: ;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?       border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page?     * { }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?        /*  */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?  pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?     LS     

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?     rm   It's permanent. Will not go to recycle bin

    34. Why should I use version control?       Keeps everything organized. --Track changes by contribution
    
    35. How often should I commit to github? As much as you would be saving your files 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?    git push origin -u "branch-name"     

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.  FORK -> Clone -> branch -> add -> commit -> push -> pull

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? inline takes up specific width block covers the entire page    

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?   It floats in a designated spot

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? max-width:800 ;

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    header footer div... span br.. radio

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

    content inside padding inside border inside margin. margin: ; padding ; border: ;